{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green16\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red19\green19\blue19;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7451\c7451\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13040\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Circadian time series proteomics reveals daily dynamics in cartilage physiology 
\b0\fs29\fsmilli14700 \cf4 \strokec4 Qing-Jun\'a0Meng\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf5 \strokec5 Daily changes of 
\b protein abundance 
\b0 in 
\b mouse femoral head articular cartilage
\b0  by performing 24-hour time-series proteomics study. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14700 \cf5 Mice were maintained at 20-22\'b0C, with standard rodent chow available ad libitum and under 
\b 12:12 hr light dark 
\b0 schedule (light on at 6 am; light off at 6 pm). 72 male BALB\\c mice were sacrificed at 2 months of age. Samples were taken from
\i\b  6 mice per time-point every 4 hour for 48 hours
\i0\b0 . Articular cartilage from the head of the proximal femur was separated from the subchondral bone as described previously [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/654855v1.full#ref-3"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf6 \strokec6 3}}]. Cartilages from two hips of one mouse were pooled together and washed 3 times in PBS with protease (Roche 11836170001) and phosphatase inhibitors (Sigma P0044 and P5726) and subsequently snap frozen in liquid nitrogen.
\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cb1 \

\fs29\fsmilli14700 \cb3 \'a0Normalised intensity values (LFQ intensity) was used for quantification and the protein groups results file was analyse using Perseus (1.5.3.1). Reverse and \'91only identified by site\'92 hits were removed. LFQ intensity data was log transformed. Intensity data in protein groups were further required to be detected in half of the total number of samples.
\f0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\sa400\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}