{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;
\red255\green249\blue89;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green229\blue166;\red217\green234\blue202;
\red80\green22\blue124;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c97647\c34902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c76078\c89804\c65098;\csgenericrgb\c85098\c91765\c79216;
\cssrgb\c39216\c16471\c56078;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh10420\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Daily Rhythms in the Cyanobacterium\'a0
\i Synechococcus elongatus 
\i0 Probed by High-resolution Mass Spectrometry\'96based Proteomics Reveals a Small Defined Set of Cyclic Proteins\'94 2014\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b\fs30 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\i0\b0 \cf4 In Synechococcus elongatus (strain PCC 7942)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 To uncover the variation in protein abundances during 48 h under light and dark cycles (12:12 h), we used quantitative proteomics, with TMT 6-plex isobaric labeling. We queried the\'a0
\i S. elongatus
\i0 proteome at 10 different time points spanning a single 24-h period, leading to 20 time points over the full 48-h period.
\f1\fs30 \cf4 \cb1 \
\
\
\cb5 Calcul du nb de copies de Prot\'e9ines: \cb1 Protein Copy Number Calculations\
The sum of the number of peptide-spectrum matches obtained in all the experiments was normalized by the molecular weight of each corresponding protein and then divided by the total abundance factor calculated for all the identified proteins. This relative abundance factor was multiplied by the total amount of protein material used in all the experiments and divided by the protein molecular weights, leading to the protein copy number values. To determine the copy numbers of each protein in each cyanobacterium cell, we then divided this value by the number of cells used in the experiment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Subsequently all rows containing proteins with their intensities over the 20 time points were filtered and processed in R using the following criteria: (i) No missing data (intensities) at any of the time points per protein were allowed.\cb8  
\b Proteins with missing data were removed from the matrix
\b0 \cb7 . (ii) All data in the matrix were scaled (Z transformed). (iii) 
\b \cb9 All proteins that had an interquartile range variation less than 1 (
\i e.g.
\i0 \'a0those proteins that showed no real change at any of the time points) were removed
\b0 \cb7 . (iv) The data were exported to a tab-delimited file for subsequent analysis. The filtered protein data were loaded into the Multi Experiment Viewer software program (MeV v. 4.8.1) ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4125736/#B36"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 36}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4125736/#B37"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 \ul \ulc10 \strokec10 37}}). Based on the figure of merit, a method of determining the optimal number of k-means clusters, we chose to perform k-means clustering with six clusters. All clusters with their containing proteins were exported and used for further analysis.\
\
}