{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf840
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green35\blue64;
\red16\green16\blue16;\red38\green38\blue38;\red122\green21\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c10588\c18824\c31765;
\cssrgb\c7451\c7451\c7451;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c55686\c14510\c33333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh10420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1000\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Diurnal regulation of\'a0
\i SDG2
\i0 \'a0and\'a0
\i JMJ14
\i0 \'a0by circadian clock oscillators orchestrates histone modification rhythms in\'a0
\i Arabidopsis, 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b\fs38\fsmilli19125 \cf6 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 In animals and plants, histone marks like H3K4me3 and H3K9ac are associated with active transcription and can sometimes be part of transcriptional activation
\i0\b0  [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR44"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 44}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR45"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 45}}].\'a0Clock-mediated diurnal expression of histone-modifying genes suggest rhythmic distributions of histone marks. To examine diurnal rhythms of histone modifications, 
\b we used ChIP-seq to examine diurnal rhythms of genome-wide H3K4me3 levels every 3
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 h in a 24-h period using rosette leaves of\'a0
\i A. thaliana
\i0 \'a0grown under the long-day
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 cycle (16
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 h light/8
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 h dark)
\b0 . For comparative studies, we also performed ChIP-seq experiments using another active histone mark H3K9ac. We identified a total of 15,151 H3K4me3 and 16,966 H3K9ac high-confidence peaks (
\i P
\i0\fs28\fsmilli14344 adj
\f4\fs38\fsmilli19125 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 0.01, MACS), corresponding to 14,818 and 15,422 unique genes, respectively (Additional\'a0file\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#MOESM3"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 3}}: Table S2). The distribution of H3K4me3 and H3K9ac in both evening and morning phases may suggest that these marks are also required for general transcriptional regulation [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR46"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 46}}]. Of those peaks, 4420 (29%) H3K4me3 and 3493 (21%) H3K9ac peaks exhibited diurnal rhythms at a statistically significant level (
\i P
\i0\fs28\fsmilli14344 adj
\f4\fs38\fsmilli19125 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 0.01, JTK_CYCLE using Kendall\'92s tau correlation and Bonferroni correction to adjust\'a0
\i P
\i0 \'a0value) (Fig.\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#Fig3"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 3}}a and Additional\'a0file\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#MOESM4"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 4}}: Table S3). Those oscillating H3K4me3 and H3K9ac peaks overlapped 4367 and 3276 genes, respectively. This distribution rhythm is not likely affected by histone H3, and only 21 (0.5%) H3K4me3 and 32 (0.9%) H3K9ac rhythmic peaks exhibited histone H3 distribution rhythms at a statistically significant level (
\i P
\i0\fs28\fsmilli14344 adj
\f4\fs38\fsmilli19125 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 0.01, JTK_CYCLE) (Additional\'a0file\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#MOESM1"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 1}}: Figure S3c, d). Another study identified 657 and 1495 genes with oscillating H3K4me3 and H3K9ac peaks, respectively, using two time points (end-of-day and end-of-night) in the short-day condition [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR25"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 25}}]. Between two datasets, 38% (250/657) and 28% (418/1495) of the genes with rhythmic H3K4me3 and H3K9ac peaks also showed oscillating H3K4me3 and H3K9ac rhythms in our study (
\i P
\f4\i0 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 1e\uc0\u8722 38, hypergeometric test). The difference between these two studies could be related to the differences in the time points (nine vs. two) examined and in the growth conditions (long-day vs short-day) used between two experiments.\
\

\f1\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 METHOD
\b0 \ulnone \

\f2\fs38\fsmilli19125 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a0An aliquot (1
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 g) of aerial 
\b rosette leaves
\b0  from 
\b ~
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 3-week-old plants
\b0  were ground to powder with liquid nitrogen and then suspended in NIB buffer. \'85 
\b Pellets
\b0  were resuspended in 800
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 \uc0\u956 l 0.4
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 N H
\fs28\fsmilli14344 2
\fs38\fsmilli19125 SO
\fs28\fsmilli14344 4
\fs38\fsmilli19125 \'a0and incubated with a rotator overnight at 4
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 \'b0C. 
\b After washing by acetone, proteins were dissolved in water
\b0  for Western blot analysis. The 
\b antibodies were anti-histone H3
\b0  (Abcam; Ab1791, 1:5000 dilution), 
\b anti-H3K4me3
\b0  (Abcam; Ab8580, 1:5000 dilution), 
\b and anti-H3K9Ac
\b0  (Abcam; Ab10812, 1:5000 dilution).
\f1\fs30 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\f2\fs38\fsmilli19125 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Chromatin immunoprecipitation was performed following the published protocol [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR61"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 61}}]. Briefly, 
\b 2
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 g of aerial rosette tissues 
\b0 from ~
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 3-week-old\'a0
\i A. thaliana
\i0 \'a0(Col-0) were crosslinked in 1% formaldehyde, and the chromatin fractions were isolated and purified. Antibodies against histone H3 (Abcam; ab1791), H3K4me3 (Abcam; Ab8580), H3K9ac (Abcam; Ab10812), or CCA1 (Abiocode, R1234-3) were added to the chromatin extracts (with a 1:1000 dilution) and incubated overnight at 4
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 \'b0C with gentle rotation. Immunoprecipitated DNA was extracted using Protein A/G Magnetic Beads (Thermo Fisher Scientific, Waltham, Massachusetts). Immunoprecipitated DNA (IP DNA) and input DNA (without IP but with incubation of beads) were subjected to reverse cross-linking and purified using QIAquick PCR Purification Kit (Qiagen, Valencia, California). For ChIP-seq, libraries with 
\b 3 biological replicates 
\b0 were constructed from IP DNA and non-IP DNA using NEBNext\'ae Ultra\'99 II DNA Library Prep Kit for Illumina (NEB, Ipswich, Massachusetts). For ChIP-qPCR, immunoprecipitated DNA was used as the template for qPCR using FastStart Universal SYBR Green Master in a LightCycler\'ae96 System (Roche, Indianapolis, Indiana). The relative enrichment was quantified using the internal control\'a0
\i AT2G26560
\i0 . 
\b Three biological replicates were performed for each experiment with three technical replicates for each biological replicate.
\b0  Student\'92s\'a0
\i t
\i0 \'a0test was used to determine the significance level in each comparison.
\f1\fs30 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 ChIP-seq data analysis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa573\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs38\fsmilli19125 \cf2 \strokec6 ChIP-seq dataset generated in this study and the published ChIP-seq datasets in\'a0
\i sdg2
\i0 and\'a0
\i jmj14
\i0 \'a0mutants were analyzed as follows. After removing adapters, low-quality reads, and PCR duplicates, the filtered pair-end reads were aligned to\'a0
\i A. thaliana
\i0 \'a0reference genome (TAIR10) using Bowtie2 (Version 2.3.0) with parameters \'93bowtie2 --no-mixed --no-discordant\'94 [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR62"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 62}}]. Only uniquely and concordantly mapped reads were used for further analysis. In order to adjust different sequencing depths among different samples, the uniquely mapped reads were \'93down-sampled\'94 to the lowest read number of samples, as previously described [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR56"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 56}}]. 
\b Enriched peaks were identified using Model-based Analysis of ChIP-Seq
\b0  (MACS, version 2.1.0) 
\b with the option \'93macs2 callpeak -g
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 dm -q 0.01\'94
\b0  [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR63"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 63}}]. 
\b Peaks were used for further analysis only if they were present in two biological replicates
\b0 . 
\b To make a master-peak list for all time points, the peaks obtained from each time point were merged.
\b0  When different samples were compared, the read coverage was normalized to 1\'d7 sequencing depth to eliminate bias of different insertion lengths in pair-end reads
\b \ul . The genes overlapping with peaks in the gene body or \'b1
\f3 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 1-kb regions were defined as peak-overlapped genes
\b0 \ulnone . The peaks were compared between the wild type and\'a0
\i cca1 lhy
\i0 \'a0mutant using one-way ANOVA, and their significance was determined with\'a0
\i P
\f4\i0 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 0.05. As no biological replicate was used from the ChIP-seq datasets in\'a0
\i sdg2
\i0 \'a0and\'a0
\i jmj14
\i0 \'a0mutants, we used 1.5-fold changes to determine differential peaks between the wild type and mutants. The non-parametric algorithm JTK_CYCLE was used to detect rhythmic peaks and identify the phase of each peak with\'a0
\i P
\i0\fs28\fsmilli14344 adj
\f4\fs38\fsmilli19125 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 <
\f4 \uc0\u8201 
\f2 0.01 [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR64"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 64}}]. Gene Ontology (GO) analysis was performed using DAVID [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-019-1777-1#ref-CR65"}}{\fldrslt \ul \strokec7 65}}].\
}