{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 GillSans;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red16\green16\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red222\green239\blue83;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c7451\c7451\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c87059\c93725\c32549;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14700\viewh10420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DATA from Johanna Krahmer (see email)
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl456\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Circadian protein regulation in the green lineage II. The clock gene circuit controls a phospho-dawn in\'a0
\i Arabidopsis thaliana
\f0\i0\b0\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 'Plant material\
Col-0 and CCA1-OX\'a0(Wang and Tobin, 1998)\'a0Arabidopsis thaliana\'a0seeds\'a0\'a0(CCA1-Ox,\'a0Wang & Tobin, 1998) were used. Seeds were germinated and grown on plates (2.15g/l Murashige & Skoog medium Basal Salt Mixture (Duchefa Biochemie), pH 5.8 (adjusted with KOH) and 12g/l agar (Sigma)) at 85\'b5mol m
\fs18 \super -2
\fs30 \nosupersub \'a0s
\fs18 \super -1
\fs30 \nosupersub \'a0white fluorescent lights at 21\'b0C in Percival incubators for 11 days in 12h light, 12h dark cycles. Seedlings were transferred to soil and grown for 11 more days more t a light intensity of 110\'b5mol m
\fs18 \super -2
\fs30 \nosupersub s
\fs18 \super -1
\fs30 \nosupersub \'a0in the same light-dark cycle pattern.
\b  At ZT0 of day 23, lights were switched to constant
\b0  and harvesting was started 12h or 24h later in dataset I or dataset II, respectively. 
\b In dataset I, six time points at 4h intervals were taken with five replicates for each time point, harvesting eight 
\i \cf2 \ul \ulc2 rosettes
\i0 \cf2 \ulnone  for the WT
\b0  and 12 rosettes for the CCA1-Ox. In dataset II, also at 4h intervals, 
\b at least six replicates of eight rosettes each were taken for the WT
\b0 , five (16 rosettes each) of the CCA1-Ox. In dataset I, the time course was sampled from ZT12 to ZT32, in dataset II from ZT24 to 48 (WT) or ZT24 to ZT52 (CCA1-OX). Rosettes without roots were harvested by flash-freezing in liquid nitrogen.'\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs34 \cf5 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Rosettes without roots and shoots
\b0  were snap-frozen in liquid nitrogen.
\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0  \cb6 => Meaning only 
\b leaves
\b0  ..?}