{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red253\green193\blue49;\red0\green0\blue233;\red194\green229\blue166;\red38\green38\blue38;\red35\green35\blue35;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red10\green81\blue147;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c99216\c75686\c19216;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\csgenericrgb\c76078\c89804\c65098;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c18039\c18039\c18039;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c0\c40000\c64314;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13040\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Circadian clock-dependent and -independent rhythmic proteomes implement distinct diurnal functions in mouse liver
\b0 , 2013\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pnas.org/search?author1=Daniel+Mauvoisin&sortspec=date&submit=Submit"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Daniel Mauvoisin}}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pnas.org/search?author1=Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric+Gachon&sortspec=date&submit=Submit"}}{\fldrslt Fr\'e9d\'e9ric Gachon}} and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pnas.org/search?author1=Felix+Naef&sortspec=date&submit=Submit"}}{\fldrslt Felix Naef}}\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs30 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Original data \'abCombined_WT\'bb 
\i proteinGroups.txt
\i0 \'a0 in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://proteomecentral.proteomexchange.org/cgi/GetDataset?ID=PXD001211"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 http://proteomecentral.proteomexchange.org/cgi/GetDataset?ID=PXD001211}}
\f1 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \
\cb7 I removed data which had several Uniprot.IDs affectation between raw peptides data (proteinGroups.txt) and normalized data provided by the paper (.csv file). \cb3 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
* mRNA data from 
\b GSE33726
\b0  \'93The Circadian Clock Coordinates Ribosome Biogenesis, Felix Naef,\cb1  \cb3 Fr\'e9d\'e9ric Gachon, 2012\'94 Cf DATA \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \'a0To assess which protein rhythms could be explained from rhythmic mRNA accumulation, we compared the protein data with our previous mRNA expression data under the same light\'96dark (LD) and feeding conditions *. After matching mRNA probe sets to proteins identifiers, we selected for each protein the most rhythmic probe set (lowest\'a0
\i q
\i0 \'a0value) based on our previous experience * that multiple probe sets for the same gene often include nonexpressed isoforms or intronic probes, such that the most rhythmic probe is usually biologically relevant. To further study the 
\b diurnally rhythmic proteome in mouse liver
\b0 , 
\i\b \ul we used stable isotope labeling by amino acids (SILAC) for quantitative MS
\b0  (
\i0 \cf9 \ulnone \'a0mass spectrometry) 
\i \cf8 \ul \ulc8 in mouse
\i0 \ulnone  (\'93
\i \cf10 SILAC mouse for quantitative proteomics uncovers kindlin-3 as an essential factor for red blood cell function
\i0 \'94\cf8 ) to 
\b monitor temporal protein accumulation profiles
\b0  in WT samples covering 2 full d and clock-deficient animals. Among , several hundred exhibited a rhythmic pattern of accumulation in WT mice. Although about one-half of these rhythmic proteins was encoded by rhythmic mRNA and showed about a 6-h delay in peak accumulation time, the other one-half was encoded by nonrhythmic mRNA. Thus, this finding suggests that protein secretion may be a rhythmic process in the liver, like in the SCN ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pnas.org/content/111/1/167.full#ref-10"}}{\fldrslt \cf11 10}}). Finally, these rhythms seemed to be clock-independent, because they persisted in clock-deficient\'a0
\i Cry1
\i0 /
\i Cry2
\i0 \'a0KO mice (KO-ZT dans le fichier .xls)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 We 
\b assessed rhythmicity in protein expression profiles using standard harmonic regression.
\b0  Statistical significance was assessed using the F test for multilinear regression. The resulting P values were used to estimate the FDR by the Benjamini\'96Hochberg method (57).
\f0\fs26 \cf8 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf8 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Sheet 1) 
\b Relative abundance
\b0  (\ul ratio H/L normalized from the MaxQuant analysis\ulnone ) 
\b for all distinct 5,827 proteins identified
\b0  by SILAC MS
\b  in mouse liver under ZT conditions
\b0 . Total protein extracts were harvested from mice
\b  every 3 h for 2 d
\b0  (eight samples per day).Time resolution is 3 h (
\b 8 time points per day and 2 biological replicas;
\b0  
\b replica 1 spans from ZT00 to ZT21
\b0 , and 
\b replica 2 spans from ZT24 to ZT45
\b0 ). Of 5,827 proteins, 70% yielded a sufficient number of peptides, permitting the estimation of relative abundances in at least 8 of 16 time points. The rhythmicity analysis for those proteins is provided. \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Sheet 2) Data for the set of 4,408 measured proteins with the corresponding mRNA probe set (
\i\b \ul in case of multiple matches, we selected the probe set with lowest rhythmicity q value for each protein
\i0\b0 \ulnone ) and expression data covering 2 ZT d at 2-h time resolution. The rhythmicity analysis for proteins and mRNA is also provided. \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Sheet 3) SILAC MS data measured in Cry1/Cry2 KO arrhythmic mice under night-restricted feeding. Data comprise four time points spanning 1 ZT d at 6-h time resolution. Correlation analysis between Cry1/Cry2 KO and WT mice is provided.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \

\f1\fs24 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \
\
\
\
\

\f0\fs26 \cf4 \ulnone \
}